Fix minor tutorial issues (#1326)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/tutorials/platform_beginner/3_customize_the_front_page.md

Refresh the page and you will see a simple, unstyled version of the message.

!!! note

>     If you still see the welcome page, go to `config/packages/` and check if you deleted `ezplatform_welcome_page.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you still see the welcome page, go to `config/packages/` and make sure you deleted the `ezplatform_welcome_page.yaml` file.
```
